# History-of-World-War-II
The Topic of this first project is centered around a dark time in the History of mankind. I decided to create this website in correlation with topics that were suggested as per our syllabus for Code Institute, that is


In this project, we are asked to try to build a static front-end website site so as to to present useful information to users, using all the technologies that we have learned about so far, that being mainly, HTML and CSS coding techniques.

In this project we try to present data to help website users achieve their objectives, or goals, (e.g.) to learn about a product, a service that the User is interested in, and/or to read, enjoy and consume information and facts that the the User is interested in finding, or using. The presentation of the web site creator's data advances the site owner's objectives, or goals, for example, it helps them to market a product, or a service that the creator can offer to it's User(s).

As creator of this website, I have endeavoured to fulfill the criteria for this project as outlined by the Code Institute's project assessment guide, which outlines the following : (i) Build a History website (ii) The External User’s goal includes, but is not limited to being interested in the historical facts surrounding a particular Historical place, or event, a particular person and/or a particular artefact, such as the Jules Rimet Trophy that was designed and created by a French Lawyer for the winneres of the Soccer World Cup. This Historical artefact intrigues me as I have a particular interest in sports, especially Football, as well as Historical events such as the Second World War. Although theses 2 Topics are unique to themselves, I concentrated on providing a comprehensive account of the dark days in mankind's history by creating a website that gives a deep understanding and account of the Second World War which started in 1939 and lasted until September 1945.

Site owner's goal : As creator of this website, my goal in creating this website, is to give a highly accurate, deep and realisic description and account of the terrible and horrific things that occurred during the second world war that spanned 6 years (1939 to 1945) that succumbed the world being engulfed into terror and chaos by way of War. As the creator of this site, I have also tried to provide reliable sources of information in relation to World War II by way of locating & presenting accurate information from the World Wide Web on my website for consumption by Users. I provided this information, chiefly by way of video clips, images and text from reliable sources such as www.Britannica.org and various other non-profit and government funded websites.

I have also included facts & reports from a vast array of journals and Historians from all around the world - with each giving their own unique account of the atrocities of the second world war.

This website has features which include, but are not limited to (a) Timeline of Events >> 1939 to 1945 (b) Evidence based information and facts. (c) Images, photos, videos and text supporting the facts that I have presented in my website.

One of my goal's in creating this website is to also provide a User with intrigueing and highly informative facts that will preserve a User's interest in viewing this website by making this website a highlye enjoyable and memorable website to navigate and consume and to provide the User with compounding facts and accounts of the second world war that will provide positive cognitive dissonance for the User(s).  
